hippity-hoppity bippity boo i'm gonna
come and steal your loot hi everyone
this is Carrick from ACG and you know
I've always wanted my own Fighting
Championships a nice octagon and some
wild animals to go against humans and
call it fight my random animal because
everyone enjoys a good man against
malnourished baboon battle right but it
was never to be luckily I just found the
next best thing and that is the game or
Melo a board game card game RPG
combination that trail mixes itself onto
steam as a full release September 1st
2015 this is a game where you take on
the role of a forest creature adventure
and a tabletop environment is the
kingdoms lead slowly descends into
insanity like some kind of Tiger version
of Mad King Ludwig crazypants in his
kingdom into oblivion you traverse the
land exploring battling and leveling up
your heroes before trying to win the
game using various winnable conditions
it's red wall meets Game of Thrones via
risk is channeled through Magic the
Gathering think I'm kidding yeah nope
it's just that let's check it out and
see so here's the review for our mellow
forest creature death matches evil
necrotic Birds multiplayer stabbings and
rotting from the inside out remember if
you liked this review please subscribe
it does help and cost you nothing
gameplay is up first
in armello you start the game picking
from an assorted murderers row of
fur-covered animals like the unabashedly
battle-hardened amber a parasol carrying
rabbit or the dastardly and obviously
trustworthy Mercurio a rat of NIMH
wannabe whose first action in every
negotiation is to stab rounded out by a
couple others the characters are chosen
the world's randomly generated and you
begin the day and night cycle of animal
death in the countdown to the Kings
eventual demise you start out by picking
a handful of cards choosing quest
undertake and then you end up travelling
the land exploring dungeons deep valleys
vast and occasionally going furry
head-to-head with other forest creatures
now one of the first things you're going
to notice in the game is the ability to
use the cards in your hand at almost any
time pushing other players aside as you
outfit your murder rabbit with plate
armor a massive two-handed axe in some
kind of Java juice that augments their
movements across the board now you use
all these equipment and items and spells
to win the game and there are more than
enough victory conditions for even the
most battle-hardened strategy gamer
there's a couple ways to win the game
here the first of course is to kill the
mad Lion King Simba or to raise your
prestige by doing good deeds high enough
that when the Mad King finally succumbs
to the often mentioned rot that occurs
in the game you end up taking over or
hell you
go solid Donald Trump on the world and
achieved the delightfully named and
child-friendly wrought victory or travel
delay and collecting special stones that
can be used to exorcise the demons from
the Kings body yeah you heard that right
you can heal via the age-old Rite of
stoning someone since the worlds base
sizes fairly small battles are prevalent
with the game switching to a dice card
game battler where your stats which can
be adjusted by an assortment of cards
trinkets and special effects are turned
into dice either attack or defend
depending on their use here you can also
throw away or burn cards in your hand
turning them into additional dice
offering a strategic moment of decision
do you end up less cards in your hand or
do you hope you can make it through the
battle without being mulched it's all
wonderfully balanced then the dice are
rolled and you see who ends up winning
by counting the faces attacks happen
regardless of any damage done meaning an
enemy you soundly defeated still gets to
attack you before twisting their own
mortal coil resulting in the possibility
that both you and your enemy will end up
respawning back at your starting point
to begin again because in one of the
strangest ways the game's rules play out
you all live politicians lives returning
again and again after seemingly
life-ending battles additionally as you
travel tests happen within the game
world called perils where you have to
get through the problem using a mix of
your statistic like wits or spirit
against the perils level and if you do
you get something nice like well living
through it there are a couple little
issues here and there in this fairytale
adventure though first the biggest
strength in the game could be the
weakness and that's that the board is
randomly generated some setups at times
could feel a bit brutal depending on how
the board was laid out additionally
while the king has his own guards
patrolling the land and they're also
even flying vulture dude spread and rot
around like bird droppings I swear to
god they had rabbit on their menu or rat
or bear or wolf whatever creature I was
these damn things seemed dead set on
sending me back to that storage room
where they keep Walt Disney's skeleton
and a bevy of dead forest creatures
luckily despite this the small amount of
moves you can make during each turn the
ability to use a card as long as you
have the gold or requisite skill level
at any time within the game and the
ability to plan ahead via the board's
somewhat small size made planning a
strategy incredibly easy and yet
flexible enough to change mid turn I'd
say all in all this really is a digital
board game with magic mixed in and for
the most part it's done really
Oh graphics I just adore the way this
game looks the color of Disney the
design that's half Alice in Wonderland
half fairytale and the world the tech
space but the creatures decidedly not so
cumbersome character design as you
traverse the world one geometric tile at
a time are excellent with an eye towards
fantasy as they wield swords axes traps
and all manner of slightly assorted
spells since this is a board game style
presentation you are a bit away from the
action but the world looks pretty good
imagine a board game version of Settlers
of Catan filled with homicidal animals
one area of excellence is the equipment
traps and spell cards with their
animated faces that really deliver the
atmosphere in spades it's just overall
excellent even if much of the true
gameplay is in static screens sound
music and voice
you
as always sound is up first here it's
nothing to write home about listen this
is a board game in digital form which
means many of the sounds are dice being
rolled or cards being burned to be used
as additional dice or the occasional
death it's all well and good but by the
sheer way the game is designed it lacks
a lot of emotional punch music harps
violins horns the hvh combo that so many
fantasy games latch on to is done
fantastic service here with a fully
fleshed-out track that keeps a light
airy feel going throughout the game and
has a couple decidedly dark bits of
content the tracks are excellent if a
bit similar but listening them outside
the game would not be surprising for
many gamers and the deep somber drop
when the day loses tonight and things
get a little creepy and animal land
solely locks the atmosphere in place its
overall great job if a bit samey from
time to time voice none guys these are
animals they can't talk that would be
just weird that of course brings us to
the great equalizer known as fun factor
everything combined into one giant
transformer of Awesome and this is great
fun listen it's a board game in digital
form so if you don't like that kind of
thing it's not for you if you are and do
then this is a game worth checking out
whether alone or with others the game
matches we're interesting and didn't
overstay their welcome and the
consistently different strategic
decisions I could make based on what
cards I drew and where I was on the
board made each game feel fresh so as
you guys know I rate games on a bye wait
for a sail rant or a deep sail if it's a
PC game and of course the never touch it
again rating scale this is a buy it
$19.99 on Steam with not only the
characters that I had during at early
access but even more additional
characters upon day one release the game
is fully going to be worth its price
point so when September first rolls
around I hope you guys check this game
out I think it's really worth it and I
think it's something strategy gamers
should keep an eye on so that's it for
me if you liked the video hit like maybe
subscribe if you disliked the video hit
thumbs down as always and remember peace
out